docs: Improve Python LlamaIndex example documentation (#165)
Arize-ai/openinference: python/examples/llama-index/README.md

This is a [LlamaIndex](https://www.llamaindex.ai/) project bootstrapped with [`create-llama`](https://github.com/run-llama/LlamaIndexTS/tree/main/packages/create-llama) and instrumented using OpenInference.

This example integrates three components:
- A NextJS frontend that provides an interface to a basic RAG chat application
- A Python FastAPI backend that serves a simple LlamaIndex RAG application. The LlamaIndex framework is instrumented using OpenInference to produce traces.

> - A [Phoenix](https://github.com/Arize-ai/phoenix) server that acts as both a collector for OpenInference traces and UI for viewing traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [Phoenix](https://github.com/Arize-ai/phoenix) server that acts as both a collector for OpenInference traces and as a trace UI for observability.
```

## Setup

> This application is automatically instrumented using OpenInference entirely with one [instrumentation call](./backend/instrument.py):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application is instrumented using OpenInference with one [instrumentation call](./backend/instrument.py):
```

```python
from openinference.instrumentation.llama_index import LlamaIndexInstrumentor
from opentelemetry import trace as trace_api
from opentelemetry.exporter.otlp.proto.http.trace_exporter import OTLPSpanExporter
from opentelemetry.sdk import trace as trace_sdk
from opentelemetry.sdk.resources import Resource
from opentelemetry.sdk.trace.export import SimpleSpanProcessor

def instrument():
    resource = Resource(attributes={})
    tracer_provider = trace_sdk.TracerProvider(resource=resource)
    span_exporter = OTLPSpanExporter(endpoint="http://phoenix:6006/v1/traces")
    span_processor = SimpleSpanProcessor(span_exporter=span_exporter)
    tracer_provider.add_span_processor(span_processor=span_processor)
    trace_api.set_tracer_provider(tracer_provider=tracer_provider)
    LlamaIndexInstrumentor().instrument()
```

> By calling `instrument()` prior to starting the FastAPI server, LlamaIndex will automatically send traces to the configured Phoenix server that acts as a trace collector, providing deep observability into the underlying behavior of the application. This includes information about all of the retrieved context for a given query, and other relevant information such as reranking and synthesis steps that might occur prior to returning the final LLM response to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By calling `instrument()` prior to starting the FastAPI server, traces for LlamaIndex will be sent to the phoenix server, providing deep observability into the underlying behavior of the application. This includes information about all of the retrieved context for a given query, and other relevant information such as reranking and synthesis steps that might occur prior to returning the final LLM response to the user.
```
